What is Internet?
	The Internet is a vast network that connects computers all over the world 
	Through the Internet, people can share information and communicate from
	anywhere with an Internet connection.
--
What is Protocol?
	Protocol, in computer science, a set of rules or procedures for transmitting
	data between electronic devices, such as computers.
	In order for computers to exchange information, there mu st be a pre existing
	agreement as to how the information will be structured and how each side
	will send and receive it.
--
What is Internet Protocol?
	IP stands for "Internet Protocol," which is the set of rules and regulations 
	governing the format of data sent via the Internet or local network.
	In essence, IP addresses are the identifier that allows information to be
	sent between devices on a network Ex:255.255.255.255.234.234
--
What is Internet Protocol address?
	An Internet Protocol address is a numerical label such as 192.0.2.1 that is
	connected to a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for
	communication.
--
What is difference b/w IPv4 and IPv6?
	The main difference between IPv4 and IPv6 is the address size of IP 
	addresses. 
	The IPv4 is a 32-bit address, whereas IPv6 is a 128-bit
	hexadecimal address. ... IPv6 increases the IP address from 32 bits to 128 
	bits to support larger address demands.
--
How to check IP in windows machine?
	Open command promt and type ipconfig
--
What is LAN?
	A local area network is a computer network that interconnects computers
	within a limited area such as a residence, school, laboratory, university 
	campus or office building.
What is WAN?
	A wide area network is a telecommunications network that extends over a
	large geographic area.
	Wide area networks are often established with leased telecommunication
	circuits.
What is TCP?
	The transmission control protocol (TCP) is one of the main protocol of the
	internet protocol suite.
	It originated in the initial network implementation in which it
	complemented the Internet Protocol (IP).
--
What is HTTP?
	HyperText Transfer Protocol (often abbreviated to HTTP) is a communications
	protocol. 
	It is used to send and receive webpages and files on the internet.
--
What is SSL?
	SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) and its successor, TLS (Transport Layer
	Security), are protocols for establishing authenticated and encrypted links 
	between networked computers.
	Although the SSL protocol was deprecated with the release of TLS 1.0 in
	1999, it is still common to refer to these related technologies as
--
What is Https?
	Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is an extension of the Hypertext
	Transfer Protocol (HTTP). 
	It is used for secure communication over a computer network, and is widely 
	used on the Internet.
--
What is WWW?
	The World Wide Web (WWW) is combination of all resources and users on the
	Internet that are using the
	Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP).
--
What is URI?
	A Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) is a generic term for the names of all
	resources connected to the World Wide Web.
--
What is HTML?
	The HyperText Markup Language, or HTML is the standard markup language for
	documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.
	It can be assisted by technologies such as Cascading Style Sheets and 
	scripting languages such as JavaScript.

What is World Wide Web?
	World-Wide Web (also called WWW or W3) is a hypertext-based information 
	system.Any word in a hypertext document can be specified as a pointer to a 
	different hypertext document where more information pertaining to that word
	can be found.

Internet Provider?


What is Web Application?
	A web-application is an application program that is usually stored on a 
	remoteserver, and users can access it through the use of Software known as 
	web-browser.

What is Web Server?
	A web server is computer software and underlying hardware that accepts 
	requests via HTTP or its secure variant HTTPS.

What is Web Browser?
	A software application used to access information on the World Wide Web is
	called a Web Browser.

What is difference between Web site and Web Application?
	Web applications and websites are similar but not the same. 
	All web apps are websites, but not all websites are web apps.

What is the difference between http and https?
	HTTPS is HTTP with encryption. The difference between the two protocols is that
	HTTPS uses TLS (SSL) to encrypt normal
	HTTP requests and responses. As a result, HTTPS is far more secure than HTTP.

What is difference between HTML4 and HTML5?
	The main difference between HTML 4 and HTML 5 is that HTML 4 is the 4th and
	older version of HTML with fewer features
	and tags while HTML 5 is the extension of HTML4 and the 5th version of HTML
which has new and simple features and has
	multiple new tags. ... It has applet tags to display the applets on web
	browsers.

What is meta data?
	Metadata is "data that provides information about other data",[1] but not
	the content of the data, such as the text of a message or the image itself. 
	There are many distinct types of metadata,
    including:

Reference

Https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CERN


