Tell me about your self?
	Good morning Sir.
	Thank you for giving me this oppurtunity to introduce about myself.
	My name is venkataSushma Yammanuru, You can call me sushma.
	I am from Badvel in the state of Andhra Pradesh but currently staying 
	in hyderabad in the state of Telangana.
	I completed my post graduation in masters in the stream of computer science&
	techologies.
	After my post graduation, I joined as an intern at Aktrix Technologies
	Private limited.which is located at Hyderabad.
	After completing my six months as an intern, I have been employed at Aktrix
	Technologies.I started my carrier as a Web Application developer and my 
	primary skill is the Frontend.
	I can even work on Middleware as well as Backend.
	Currently, I am working in a project named payroll and involving in the 
	department as well as support.
	My strengths are hard working and self motivated.
	My short term goal is to be placed in a company and long term goal is to 
	achieve a good position as an IT employee where I can build my career and 
	help the organization too.
	Lastly, I am quick learner and believe in learning the mistakes from my past.
	
Explain about your technical experience?
	I had 2.6 years of experience in all phases of Software Development Life 
	Cycle including design, development and testing various client/server web 
	applications.
	Experienced in HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Jquery, javascript and typescript.
	Experienced in javascript frameworks like angular with typescript.
	Experienced in developing the responsive web pages using media queries.
	Experienced in DOM, DOM functions, manipulation, core and object model.
	Experienced in testing of rest services by using postman.
	Experienced in consuming restful webservices by using rxjs library in angular
	Experienced in creating template driven and reactive form in angular.
	Experienced in creating routing and navigation in angular.
	Proficient in different database like oracle, sql and mysql.
	Good communication skills and problem solving in time.
	
Explain about your current project?
	Project		:	Payroll
	Client		:	Sopa Lodges - Africa
	Team Size	:	8
	Technologies:	HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Bootstrap, jQuery, Angular, JAVA, SQL.
	Tool		:	Visual Studio Code, Eclipse.
	
		Currently, I am working for the project called payroll.
		It will start with employee entry into the organization and ends with employee separation from the organization.
		It is a web based project developed for creating employee, groups, roles, department.
		From this application, an employee can submit entry time and exit time in the time sheet.
		A person can apply for a loan, leave and mid month salary advance.
		Manager can approve the timesheet entries, loan, leave and mid month salary advance.
		At the end of the month, employee salary is calculated based on employee timesheet, loan, leave and mid month salary advances.
		By using this, an organization can pay the payrolls without manual calculation.
		Leave management  module is also there with us, employee can apply a leave, admin people will approve the leaves.
		Implemented multiuploader file with progress bar in our application.
		
Explain about your roles and responsibilities for the current project?
	Designed UI with HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap and jQuery.
	Form validations Angular, HTML.
	Implemented routing using angular and bootstrap.
	Used Bootstrap to make the application user-friendly in the development of the Navigation bars, Tables, Sliders, Calendars.
	Processed JSON response data by consuming RESTFUL web services and used jQuery filter for implementing search results. 
	Implementing Auto complete/Auto suggest functionality using Ajax, jQuery and JSON.
	Developed application to access JSON and XML from RESTFUL Web service from consumer side using jQuery.
	Developed design documents and provided estimates for the client requirements.