What is JAVA?
	Java is a simple, secured, portable, high-performance, platform independent
	programming language, by using java we can develop mobile, desktop, web,
	enterprises and distributed application.
What are the java varients?
	* SE(Standard Edition)
	* EE(Enterprise Edition)
	* ME(mobile edition)
	* Embedded
	* Card(debit,credit)
	* Tv
What is java SE?
	Java standard Edition (java SE, J2SE), by using this, we can devolop and
	deploy java applications on desktops and servers.
--
What is JDK?
	JDK stands for java Development Kit, JDK is a development environment for
	building desktop, web, enterprises, distributed applications.
	JDK includes tools useful for developers to develop and  test java
	applications.
--
What are the types of JDKs?
	JDK, Open JDK, Oracle JDK and etc..
	Same features and performence
	Differences in licensing
--
What is oracle JDK?
	Oracle JDK is oracle's supported java SE version for customers and for
	devoloping , testing and demonstrating java applications
--
What is Open JDK?
	Open JDK is meant for developing which offers the same features and
	performance as oracle JDK but Differences in licensing.
--
Why Oracle providing different JDKs for different operating systems platforms?
	JDK is platform Dependent, because of operating system such as windows,
	linux, mac and etc.. are developed by different programming languages, and
	java is also programming language, if java wants to communicate with
	different languages, then java needs a different types of translators.
	Due to this oracle providing different oracle JDKs for different operating
	systems/platforms
--
What is JRE?
	JRE stands for Java Runtime Environment, by using JRE, we will run the java
	applications without compiling, which  are developed by using JDK.
--
Why Oracle providing different JREs for different operating system/platforms?
	JRE is platform dependent, because os operating systems such as windows
	linux, mac and etc.. are developed by different programming languages, and
	java is also programming language, if java wants to communicate with
	different languages, then java needs a different types of translators.
	Due to this oracle providing different oracle JREs for different operating
	systems/platforms
--
What are the types of JREs?
	private JRE,which is available in jdk
	client JRE,
	Server JRE.
--
Which java package do i need ?
	software developers : JDKs
	It includes a complete JRE plus tools for developing , testing, debugging,
	and monitering java applications.
--
End user: client JREs
	client JRE contains everyting required to run java application on client
	machiene.
--
Administrators: Server JRE
	To run java applications on server machine
	It includes tools for JVM monitering and tools commonly required for server
	applications, but does not include browser integration (the java plug-in),
	auto-update, nor an installer.
--
What is website?
	A website is a series of webpages that are typicaly accessed through a web 
	browser.It is a static webpage dont update continously within seconds.
--
What is web application?
	A web application is a software program that is accessed through a 
	web browser and it runs on a web server.
	A web application is dynamic webpage . It can continously changing within 
	in a seconds of time.
--
What is Enterprise application?	
	one server is communicate with other server this  is possible with enterprise application.
	for ex: banking 
	because we are using phonepay from sbi bank account.let assume we did some
	transaction definatly we got a message from phonepay as well as bank,
	here we get two messages from one phonepay and another one is sbi bank,here 
	clearly we can see when we did transaction from one then we got two messages means one server is communicated with one more server this type of 
	applications is known enterprise application.	
what is distributed application?
	distributed application means the server is not located at a single place.
	It is located in number of areas. if one server is not work and remaining
	servers are worked in other areas.
	